Armadillos swallow air to become buoyant when they swim.

Benjamin Franklin was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.

The Eiffel Tower was inaugurated the same year Nintendo was founded: 1889. In Kyoto that year, a playing card company that would eventually become Nintendo was being launched by Fusajiro Yamauchi.    One might assume that Paris' Eiffel Tower is much older than Nintendo, a company famous for manufacturing popular video game systems. But in reality, the iconic Parisian landmark was inaugurated the very same year that Nintendo was founded: 1889. While the tower was being formally introduced to the public at the World's Fair, a playing card company that would eventually become Nintendo was being launched in Kyoto by Fusajiro Yamauchi.

There's a word in Indonesia for tapping someone on the opposite shoulder from behind to fool them. The term is 'mencolek'.        The term is "mencolek". If you've ever tapped someone on the opposite shoulder in order to attempt to trick them, then you've done what people living in Indonesia would call "mencolek." But no matter what you call this, it will still probably make the person on the receiving end of the gesture groan in response.

Tarantulas have a bite that is about as painful and as venomous as a bee sting. Their scary reputations can be attributed to Hollywood's portayal. Since many are easily handled, they have been very widely used in horror and action-adventure movies. ||| Tarantula bites are about as painful as bee stings. Despite their incredibly scary reputation, it turns out that tarantulas have a bite that is about as painful and as venomous as a bee sting. And according to Burke Museum, "None of the North American species or those commonly kept as pets are considered to pose even a mild bite hazard." In fact, the museum's website says, "Hollywood is squarely to blame for these spiders' toxic-to-humans reputation. Tarantulas are large, photogenic and many are easily handled, and therefore they have been very widely used in horror and action-adventure movies."

Goats have accents. In 2012, according to NPR, researchers from Queen Mary's School of Biological and Chemical Sciences at the University of London studied baby goats from when they were just starting to socialize and found that the little animals eventually began to sound like each other, i.e. they had accents. Scientists believe that the accents help the animals determine whether another goat is from their same area or from some place unfamiliar to them.

The world's largest falafel weighed 223 pounds.

Lightning can heat the air it passes through to 50,000 degrees, which is five times hotter than the surface of the sun.

England is hit with more tornadoes per square mile than any other country in the world.

Cows have best friends. Cows may seem like simple creatures, but deep down, they are surprisingly social and can experience a complex range of emotions and relationships, including friendship. "When heifers have their preferred partner with them, their stress levels in terms of their heart rates are reduced compared with if they were with a random individual," a researcher from the University of Northampton told the BBC.

